2012-04-23:
	Building UIs is very tedious. There should be some basic support for this.
	For an example use case, see Tiny World War.
2012-04-24:
	There should be an easy way (a shell script or something) to create a
	deployable page from game. Deployment should support deployment to a
	gh-pages branch on GitHub.
2012-05-09:
	Renderable creation should be easier and require less code.
	- There should be two factory functions, one which creates renderables that
	  reference a resource, another which creates renderables that contain the
	  resource.
	- The resource id or resource itself should be passed into the factory
	  function, so there is no need to modify the renderable afterwards.
2012-05-09:
	Renderable position and orientation should be handled differently:
	- They don't make sense for all kinds of renderables. Some renderables might
	  have different properties (e.g. for a line "start" and "end" make more
	  sense than "position" and "end"), others might represent a global effect.
	  This is an argument for folding them into the resource itself.
	- Renderables that only reference resources may still need position and
	  orientation.
	- Handling position and orientation leads to repetitive code in draw
	  functions. This and the previous point might be an argument to only have
	  them in referencing renderables and have the render function handle them.
2012-05-09:
	Text rendering should be more generic, supporting left, center and right
	alignments.
2012-05-09:
	Code using the math modules looks like shit. Simple things are twice as long
	as they have to be, complex things are completely unreadable. There has to
	be a way to make vector math with in-place updated more usable. If not, we
	should do some research into using "immutable" vectors. Maybe the effects on
	garbage collection are not as bad as I fear.
2012-05-09:
	Right now, there are different draw functions for stroke'd and fill'd
	primitives. Those should be consolidated. The matter of filling or stroking
	should be handled by a flag in the resource.
2012-05-22:
	A module's dependencies should be passed in as a single object. This reduces
	the amount of characters that have to be written for the dependency
	declaration, as well as removing a source of potentially dangerous
	duplication.
	The name of the dependency object should be short, maybe something like "m".
2012-05-22:
	Rendering.createDisplay should be split into two functions:
	Rendering.createDisplay: Creates a display, including the canvas element,
	                         but doesn't attach it to the DOM. This is useful
	                         for creating off-screen canvases that might be
	                         required for performance resons or to perform some
	                         rendering tricks.
	Rendering.attachDisplay: Attaches the created canvas to the DOM, as a child
	                         element to another element whose id is given to
	                         attachDisplay. The element could be a div
	                         containing a fallback message. In the normal case,
	                         the contents are replaced with the canvas. If the
	                         browser doesn't support canvas nothing is done and
	                         the fallback message is left intact.
2012-05-22:
	Input: Port mouse wheel support from Orbital Invaders (includes adding
	data to currentInput, as well as support for preventing default).
2012-05-24:
	MainLoop: Three parameters should be passed into the main loop function:
	- timeInMs: The current time in milliseconds. Useful for timestamps.
	- gameTimeInS: The time since the start of the game. This should match up
	               with frameTimeInS (i.e., if the function is not called, this
	               value should not increase).
	- frameTimeInS: The time since the last frame.
2012-05-25:
	Bug: Centering a text vertically doesn't work. The text won't be displayed
	at all.
2012-05-30:
	Make use of Events for the event functionality in Input.
